_pages/home.md, before:

---
layout: splash
permalink: /
title: Welcome to LTG Network!
header:
  overlay_color: "#69006b"
  overlay_image: mm-home-page-feature.jpg
  cta_label: "<i class='fa fa-user-group'></i> About Us"
  cta_url: "/about"
  caption:
excerpt: 'The official website of the home of LaroTayoGaming, Taym Pers! and The Fellow Gamer Podcast.<br />'
feature_row:
  - image_path: /assets/images/ltg-background.png
    alt: "ltg"
    title: "LaroTayoGaming"
    excerpt: "The one and only LTG is here for more games to play, and more content to slay!"
    url: "https://ltg.ltg.network"
    btn_label: "Learn More"
  - image_path: mm-responsive-feature.png
    alt: "fully responsive"
    title: "Taym Pers!"
    excerpt: "Built on HTML5 + CSS3. All layouts are fully responsive with helpers to augment your content."
    url: "/docs/layouts/"
    btn_label: "Learn More"
  - image_path: mm-free-feature.png
    alt: "100% free"
    title: "The Fellow Gamer Podcast"
    excerpt: "Free to use however you want under the MIT License. Clone it, fork it, customize it, whatever!"
    url: "/docs/license/"
    btn_label: "Learn More"
---

## Featured Content Creators

{% include feature_row %}

Commit message:

add some changes into descriptions

_pages/home.md, after:

---
layout: splash
permalink: /
title: Welcome to LTG Network!
header:
  overlay_color: "#69006b"
  overlay_image: mm-home-page-feature.jpg
  cta_label: "<i class='fa fa-user-group'></i> About Us"
  cta_url: "/about"
  caption:
excerpt: 'The official website of the home of LaroTayoGaming, Taym Pers! and The Fellow Gamer Podcast.<br />'
feature_row:
  - image_path: /assets/images/ltg-background.png
    alt: "ltg"
    title: "LaroTayoGaming"
    excerpt: "The one and only LTG is here for more games to play, and more content to slay!"
    url: "https://ltg.ltg.network"
    btn_label: "Learn More"
  - image_path: mm-responsive-feature.png
    alt: "taympers"
    title: "Taym Pers!"
    excerpt: "The Tropas are here to play some games, reacting to the games, and doing some random stuff!"
    url: "https://taympers.ltg.network"
    btn_label: "Learn More"
  - image_path: mm-free-feature.png
    alt: "tfgp"
    title: "The Fellow Gamer Podcast"
    excerpt: "This is not your ordinary podcast, because we are talking about great games, with random entertainment for you guys!"
    url: "https://tfgp.ltg.network"
    btn_label: "Learn More"
---

## Featured Content Creators

{% include feature_row %}
